Dev documentation of the VhostReverse database (#92)
NethServer/nethserver-httpd: README.rst

This virtual host is always enabled and can't be deleted. If FTP access is
enabled, the user will be chrooted inside ``/var/www/html`` directory.

> Reverse proxy VhostReverse database
> ----------------------------
> 
> A new ``VhostReverse`` database is defined by this module. It contains records of type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proxypass database
------------------

The `proxypass` database contains records of type
```

Reviewer: The proxypass DB contains also records with type `ProxyPass`

``VhostReverse``, similar to: ::

    ns7loc7.org=VhostReverse
        AllowEncodedSlashes=disabled
        CertVerification=no
        Description=
        HTTP=yes
        HTTPS=yes
        PreserveHost=yes
        SslCertificate=
        Target=http://localhost:8000
        ValidFrom=
        WebSockets=disabled
        WebSocketsPath=

- ``AllowEncodedSlashes`` (enabled/disabled) : Some web applications may expect encoded path separators (``%2F`` for ``/``) in the request URL. 

>   Apache does not accept the path separator in the encoded form. Set this prop to enabled with the following commands 
>   if the encoded form can be safely forwarded to the destination URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Apache does not accept the path separator in the encoded form. Set this prop to enabled 
  if the encoded form can be safely forwarded to the backend (see `Target`) URL. 
```
